README.md, before:

# Unity Simulation Documentation

Welcome and thanks for checking out Unity Simulation. Unity Simulation allows you to run different simulations using Unity. Unity Simulation is in active development. We hope you enjoy using the service, if you have any questions please reach us at [simulation-help](mailto:simulation-help@unity3d.com)

## Pre-Requisites to installing Unity Simulation

You should install a compatible version of Unity that is listed below. Please make sure to include linux build support in your installation.

- Unity Account
- Unity Cloud Project
- Unity version >= 2018.3.f1 (>= 2019.3 for [SRP](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ScriptableRenderPipeline.html) support)
- Supported platforms: Windows10+ and OS X 10.13+
- Linux build support required

Please refer to the [Installing pre-requisites guide](doc/requirements.md) for a step by side guide to installing the above pre-requisites.

## Getting started with Unity Simulation

| Section | Description |
|---|---|
|[Unity Simulation Concepts](doc/taxonomy.md) | Unity Simulation Concepts|
|[QuickStart tutorial](doc/quickstart.md) | How to get started with Unity Simulation - A walkthrough |
|[Unity Simulation SDK](doc/integrate.md) | Developing with the Unity Simulation SDK|
|[Unity Linux build](doc/build.md) | How to make a Linux build|
|[Linux Build Testing](doc/testing.md) | Testing Linux build locally|
|[Sample Roll-A-Ball tutorial](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/Unity-Simulation-RollABall) | Sample unity project integrated with the Unity Simulation SDK|
|[Simultaneous Capture](doc/simultaneous-capture.md)|How to simultaneously log data and capture an image.|
|[Tiers](doc/usage-tiers.md)| How tiers affect your resource allowance and usage |
---

Commit message:

Use case discoverability and Just the Commands quickstart.

README.md, after:

# Unity Simulation Documentation

Welcome and thanks for checking out Unity Simulation. Unity Simulation allows you to run different simulations using Unity. Unity Simulation is in active development. We hope you enjoy using the service, if you have any questions please reach us at [simulation-help](mailto:simulation-help@unity3d.com)

## Pre-Requisites to installing Unity Simulation

You should install a compatible version of Unity that is listed below. Please make sure to include linux build support in your installation.

- Unity Account
- Unity Cloud Project
- Unity version >= 2018.3.f1 (>= 2019.3 for [SRP](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ScriptableRenderPipeline.html) support)
- Supported platforms: Windows10+ and OS X 10.13+
- Linux build support required

Please refer to the [Installing pre-requisites guide](doc/requirements.md) for a step by side guide to installing the above pre-requisites.

## Getting started with Unity Simulation

| Section | Description |
|---|---|
|[Unity Simulation Concepts](doc/taxonomy.md) | Unity Simulation Concepts|
|[QuickStart tutorial](doc/quickstart.md) | How to get started with Unity Simulation - A walkthrough |
|[Unity Simulation SDK](doc/integrate.md) | Developing with the Unity Simulation SDK|
|[Unity Linux build](doc/build.md) | How to make a Linux build|
|[Linux Build Testing](doc/testing.md) | Testing Linux build locally|
|[Sample Roll-A-Ball tutorial](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/Unity-Simulation-RollABall) | Sample unity project integrated with the Unity Simulation SDK|
|[Simultaneous Capture](doc/simultaneous-capture.md)|How to simultaneously log data and capture an image.|
|[Use Case How Tos](doc/use-cases/use-cases.md) | Examples use cases and how to implement them.|
|[Tiers](doc/usage-tiers.md)| How tiers affect your resource allowance and usage |
---
