doc/cli.md, before:

# Unity Simulation - Command Line Interface - CLI

The command line tool is provided as a convenience for interacting with the Unity Simulation API. All of the commands exposed by the CLI are composed from calls to the API. This document explains the syntax and function of each command.

Generally the format of the commands follows the `usim <action> <target>` format with additional options for some commands.

## Argument descriptions
Many of the following commands use these arguments.

| Parameter            | Description |
| -------------------- | ----------- |
| `project-id`         | A Unity project ID, example format: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx |
| `filepath`           | Full path to a file (to upload) |
| `built-player-dir`   | The directory where a build generated by the Unity Editor is located |
| `build-id`           | A 7-character Simulation Build ID |
| `app-param-id`       | A 7-character Application Parameter ID |
| `run-definition-id`  | A 7-character Run Definition ID |
| `run-execution-id`   | A 7-character Run Execution ID |

## Authentication Commands
### usim login auth
Initiates the oauth flow to retrieve your authentication token.
### usim refresh auth
Uses the locally stored refresh token to retrieve an updated authentication token.

## Project Commands
### usim get projects
Prints out the Unity projects associated with your Unity account.
### usim describe project
Prints out more details of the Unity project ID that is provided. \
Required arguments: \
`<project-id>`

### usim activate project
The Unity Simulation service operates against a single project at a time. Requests will be made against the project activated by this command.
### usim deactivate project
Deactivating a project will result in having no active project. *Note* other commands requiring an active project will cease to function. Use [activate project](cli.md#usim-activate-project) to activate a project.

## System Parameter Commands
### usim get sys-params
Prints out a list of valid system parameters to be included in a run definition.

## Application Parameter Commands
### usim get app-params
Prints out the application parameters that have been uploaded in the active project.
### usim upload app-param
Uploads the specified file as an application parameter. The resulting app-param-ID is used in a run definition. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim download app-param
Downloads the application parameter file for the specified app-param-ID. \
Required arguments: \
`<app-param-id>` \
Optional Arguments: \
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded application parameter file.

## Simulation Build Commands
### usim get builds
Prints out the simulation builds that have been uploaded in the active project.
### usim zip build
Zips the Unity simulation build found at the specified directory in the format expected by the Unity Simulation service. \
Required arguments: \
`<built-player-dir>` \
Optional arguments: \
`<output-file-name>` where `output-file-name` is the desired filename to save the output `.zip` file.
### usim upload build
Uploads a zipped Unity simulation build file found at the specified path. The resulting build-ID is used in a run definition. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim download build
Downloads the Unity simulation build for the specified build-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<build-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded build.
## Simulation Run Definition Commands
### usim get runs
Prints the run definitions that have been uploaded in the active project. The executions of each run-definiton are also printed if present.
### usim describe run
Prints the details of a run definition for the specified run-definition-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-definition-id>`
### usim define run
Proceeds through a sequence of steps to generate and upload a run-definition. Existing Unity simulation builds and application parameters for the active project are presented as options.
### usim upload run
Uploads a run definition file found at the specified path. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim execute run
Initiates a run execution of the run definition for the specified run-definition-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-definition-id>`

## Simulation Run Execution Commands
### usim summarize run-execution
Prints a summary of the status and progress of the run-execution for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>`
### usim describe run-execution
Prints a detailed status of the simulation instances for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--states=<states>` Simulation instance states to filter on. Where `states` is a sequence of comma separate values from the following choices: \
`all,ok,failed,not-run,pending,in-progress` \
(**Note**: Defaults to all) \
`-s, --short` Prints only the status of the simulation run-execution. \
`--logs-arg` Convenience flag to use in conjunction with the `logs` command. Prints out a special column that includes the execution-id, app-param-id, and instance-id to submit to the `logs` command.

### usim cancel run-execution
Submits a cancellation request for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>`

## Simulation Data Commands
### usim download manifest
Downloads a manifest in CSV format containing links to data files generated by the Unity simulation run-execution. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--expires=<expires-seconds>`
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded manifest.
### usim logs
Inspect the logs of a Unity Simulation run-execution instance. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
`<app-param-id>` \
`<instance-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--count=<count>` Where count is the number of log `pages` to retrieve. (**Note**: Defaults to 12) \
`--head` If this flag is present, the count value begins at the first page and counts up, otherwise counts in reverse from the last page.

Commit message:

cli: delete commands
Add description of delete commands to cli.md

doc/cli.md, after:

# Unity Simulation - Command Line Interface - CLI

The command line tool is provided as a convenience for interacting with the Unity Simulation API. All of the commands exposed by the CLI are composed from calls to the API. This document explains the syntax and function of each command.

Generally the format of the commands follows the `usim <action> <target>` format with additional options for some commands.

## Argument descriptions
Many of the following commands use these arguments.

| Parameter            | Description |
| -------------------- | ----------- |
| `project-id`         | A Unity project ID, example format: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx |
| `filepath`           | Full path to a file (to upload) |
| `built-player-dir`   | The directory where a build generated by the Unity Editor is located |
| `build-id`           | A 7-character Simulation Build ID |
| `app-param-id`       | A 7-character Application Parameter ID |
| `run-definition-id`  | A 7-character Run Definition ID |
| `run-execution-id`   | A 7-character Run Execution ID |

## Authentication Commands
### usim login auth
Initiates the oauth flow to retrieve your authentication token.
### usim refresh auth
Uses the locally stored refresh token to retrieve an updated authentication token.

## Project Commands
### usim get projects
Prints out the Unity projects associated with your Unity account.
### usim describe project
Prints out more details of the Unity project ID that is provided. \
Required arguments: \
`<project-id>`

### usim activate project
The Unity Simulation service operates against a single project at a time. Requests will be made against the project activated by this command.
### usim deactivate project
Deactivating a project will result in having no active project. *Note* other commands requiring an active project will cease to function. Use [activate project](cli.md#usim-activate-project) to activate a project.

## System Parameter Commands
### usim get sys-params
Prints out a list of valid system parameters to be included in a run definition.

## Application Parameter Commands
### usim get app-params
Prints out the application parameters that have been uploaded in the active project.
### usim upload app-param
Uploads the specified file as an application parameter. The resulting app-param-id is used in a run definition. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim download app-param
Downloads the application parameter file for the specified app-param-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<app-param-id>` \
Optional Arguments: \
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded application parameter file.
### usim delete app-param
Submits a request to delete the application parameter file for the specified app-param-id. \
**Note:** run-definitions referencing the specified app-param-id will no longer be executable.
Required arguments: \
`<app-param-id>`

## Simulation Build Commands
### usim get builds
Prints out the simulation builds that have been uploaded in the active project.
### usim zip build
Zips the Unity simulation build found at the specified directory in the format expected by the Unity Simulation service. \
Required arguments: \
`<built-player-dir>` \
Optional arguments: \
`<output-file-name>` where `output-file-name` is the desired filename to save the output `.zip` file.
### usim upload build
Uploads a zipped Unity simulation build file found at the specified path. The resulting build-id is used in a run definition. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim download build
Downloads the Unity simulation build for the specified build-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<build-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded build.
### usim delete build
Submits a request to delete the Unity simulation build for the specified build-id.
**Note:** run-definitions referencing the specified build-id will no longer be executable.
Required arguments: \
`<build-id>`

## Simulation Run Definition Commands
### usim get runs
Prints the run definitions that have been uploaded in the active project. The executions of each run-definiton are also printed if present.
### usim describe run
Prints the details of a run definition for the specified run-definition-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-definition-id>`
### usim define run
Proceeds through a sequence of steps to generate and upload a run-definition. Existing Unity simulation builds and application parameters for the active project are presented as options.
### usim upload run
Uploads a run definition file found at the specified path. \
Required arguments: \
`<filepath>`
### usim execute run
Initiates a run execution of the run definition for the specified run-definition-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-definition-id>`
### usim delete run
Submits a request to delete the run definition for the specified run-definition-id. \
Metadata for this run-definition and its executions as well as the data generated by the respective simulations will no longer be accessible. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-definition-id>`

## Simulation Run Execution Commands
### usim summarize run-execution
Prints a summary of the status and progress of the run-execution for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>`
### usim describe run-execution
Prints a detailed status of the simulation instances for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--states=<states>` Simulation instance states to filter on. Where `states` is a sequence of comma separate values from the following choices: \
`all,ok,failed,not-run,pending,in-progress` \
(**Note**: Defaults to all) \
`-s, --short` Prints only the status of the simulation run-execution. \
`--logs-arg` Convenience flag to use in conjunction with the `logs` command. Prints out a special column that includes the execution-id, app-param-id, and instance-id to submit to the `logs` command.
### usim cancel run-execution
Submits a cancellation request for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>`
### usim delete run-execution
Submits a request to delete the metadata containing details of the run-execution and all data files generated by the the Unity simulation run-execution for the specified run-execution-id. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--data-only` Metadata for this run-execution will be retained. Only the generated data files will be deleted.

## Simulation Data Commands
### usim download manifest
Downloads a manifest in CSV format containing links to data files generated by the Unity simulation run-execution. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--expires=<expires-seconds>`
`--save-in=<outdir>` where `outdir` is the directory to save the downloaded manifest.
### usim logs
Inspect the logs of a Unity Simulation run-execution instance. \
Required arguments: \
`<run-execution-id>` \
`<app-param-id>` \
`<instance-id>` \
Optional arguments: \
`--count=<count>` Where count is the number of log `pages` to retrieve. (**Note**: Defaults to 12) \
`--head` If this flag is present, the count value begins at the first page and counts up, otherwise counts in reverse from the last page.
